[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We need to
create a form for widgets-detail.
And then bind the form to
the widget object that's selected,
sent in via @input.
And then be able to modify it and then
send it back out to the parent component.
So let's hop into the code and
I have preemptively
filled some of this out for
the sake of styling.
So we just go here.
You can see that now our
widgets list is purty,
as well as our widget
details is semi-styled.
What is it missing?
Well, it is missing form fields.
Let's go ahead and put those in.
So we'll go to, I'm just going to
copy at least one to get us started.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Paste this in, and
we're going to bind this
to selectedWidget name.
Enter a name, placeholder, class type,
that's pretty straightforward.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then what we wanna do,
we'll place this in as well.
And we're going to do
selected widget price.
And we're going to say enter a price.
Now, I'll talk about this more tomorrow,
about what's happening here.
But, when you start to
focus on the mutable
data in Angular 2, ultimately,
the question comes.
It's like, well If everything's immutable,
how do you actually do any work?
And the most obvious place where
someone could look at that is,
well what about forms, right?
How do you have an immutable
data structure and
do anything with it, much less a form?
And so the approach that I use for this,
after talking to Rob about it,
is that you are going
to have to have some mutable state in
your application in order to do work.
Mutable state in itself is not bad.
You have to be able to control it.
And so, the way to do this with
a form is to when you get an object,
using an input you can
actually overwrite that.
So in this case when somebody
sets a widget via input,
I'm taking this value and I'm saying
take this widget and just copy it.
Make a copy of it using
object at a sign so
that internally to my form
I can work on this object.
So now I'm not actually mutating
state up the stream, and
I think that's actually why my form
builder's not working, cuz I think this.
But if timing issue is messing up but the
main thing is when you are dealing with
forms you want to
minimize mutable state or
encapsulate so that you're only
mutating state within this component.
You can overwrite the input and
then make a copy of it.
One of the thing that I am doing is
I'm creating a reference to
the original name of the widget.
The reason why I'm doing that is,
if I select this and
if these are bound to the same properties,
via reference, and I start typing here.
Had I not stored that reference into
something else, it would say editing
ASDF ASDF, and so
I simply just create a reference so
that when I actually start editing the
object you're not losing that connection.
So this is purely a UX optimization
of LeKay I'm editing widget one but
now this new name of the form is
whatever I just typed in here.
So, selected widget and then up in
the form this is what I'm binding to.
It comes in over at the setter object
assigned, which is our friend.
We are creating a copy and
then we're working locally.
And then when we are ready to save this,
we can go,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Click,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go saved, emit,
selected widget.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So now we are mutating
it or passing it back up to do something,
then in widgets, then we will go here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: we´ll go Saved.
Save widget event,
we'll pass it in.
Save widget widget.
Actually, let's
just do a console
log here, save.
If everything went well,
It is here, actually,
let's, yes sir?
>> Speaker 2: Wouldn't you want,
instead of having the click
event on the submit button, wouldn't
you want to do the submit on the form?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You could.
Why, you preemptively
have met me at the pass.
That's where I was going.